= ruby-lastfm

A Ruby interface for Last.fm Web Services v2.0

== Synopsis

 require 'lastfm'

 lastfm = Lastfm.new(api_key, api_secret)
 token = lastfm.auth.get_token

 # open 'http://www.last.fm/api/auth/?api_key=xxxxxxxxxxx&token=xxxxxxxx' and grant the application

 lastfm.session = lastfm.auth.get_session(token)

 lastfm.track.love('Hujiko Pro', 'acid acid 7riddim')
 lastfm.track.scrobble('Hujiko Pro', 'acid acid 7riddim')
 lastfm.track.update_now_playing('Hujiko Pro', 'acid acid 7riddim')

== Supported API Methods

It supports methods which require {authentication}[http://www.last.fm/api/authentication].

=== Auth

* {auth.getToken}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=265]
* {auth.getSession}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=125]

=== Track

* {track.addTags}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=304]
* {track.ban}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=261]
* {track.getCorrection}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=447]
* {track.getInfo}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=356]
* {track.getSimilar}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=319]
* {track.getTags}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=320]
* {track.getTopFans}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=312]
* {track.getTopTags}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=289]
* {track.love}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=260]
* {track.removeTag}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=316]
* {track.scrobble}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=443]
* {track.search}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=286]
* {track.share}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=305]
* {track.updateNowPlaying}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=454]

=== Artist

* {artist.getEvents}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=117]

=== User

* {user.getInfo}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=344]
* {user.getFriends}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=263]
* {user.getRecentTracks}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=278]
* {user.getNeighbours}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=264]

=== Geo

* {geo.getEvents}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=270]

=== Library

* {library.getArtists}[http://www.lastfm.jp/api/show?service=322]

== Installation

=== Archive Installation

 rake install

=== Gem Installation

 gem update --system
 gem install gemcutter
 gem tumble
 gem install lastfm

== Features/Problems

== Comitters

* {mattfawcett}[https://github.com/mattfawcett]
* {peplin}[https://github.com/peplin]
* {liff}[https://github.com/liff]
* {pipedreambomb}[https://github.com/pipedreambomb]
* {dbolson}[https://github.com/dbolson]
* {webs}[https://github.com/webs]

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 youpy. See LICENSE for details.
